NAME                                                                          VERSION                                            TYPE      
1to2                                                                          1.0.0                                              npm        
@colors/colors                                                                1.5.0                                              npm        
@gar/promisify                                                                1.1.3                                              npm        
@isaacs/string-locale-compare                                                 1.1.0                                              npm        
@kasmtech/novnc                                                               1.3.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/arborist                                                              6.2.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/config                                                                6.1.3                                              npm        
@npmcli/disparity-colors                                                      3.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/fs                                                                    2.1.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/fs                                                                    3.1.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/git                                                                   4.0.3                                              npm        
@npmcli/installed-package-contents                                            2.0.1                                              npm        
@npmcli/map-workspaces                                                        3.0.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/metavuln-calculator                                                   5.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/move-file                                                             2.0.1                                              npm        
@npmcli/name-from-folder                                                      2.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/node-gyp                                                              3.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/package-json                                                          3.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/promise-spawn                                                         6.0.2                                              npm        
@npmcli/query                                                                 3.0.0                                              npm        
@npmcli/run-script                                                            6.0.0                                              npm        
@socket.io/component-emitter                                                  3.1.0                                              npm        
@tootallnate/once                                                             2.0.0                                              npm        
@types/cookie                                                                 0.4.1                                              npm        
@types/cors                                                                   2.8.13                                             npm        
@types/node                                                                   18.15.11                                           npm        
SDL2                                                                          2.26.3-1.fc37                                      rpm        
abbrev                                                                        1.1.1                                              npm        
abbrev                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm        
abort-controller                                                              3.0.0                                              npm        
accepts                                                                       1.3.8                                              npm        
agent-base                                                                    6.0.2                                              npm        
agentkeepalive                                                                4.2.1                                              npm        
aggregate-error                                                               3.1.0                                              npm        
alsa-lib                                                                      1.2.8-2.fc37                                       rpm        
alternatives                                                                  1.22-1.fc37                                        rpm        
annobin-docs                                                                  12.02-1.fc37                                       rpm        
annobin-plugin-gcc                                                            12.02-1.fc37                                       rpm        
ansi-regex                                                                    5.0.1                                              npm        
ansi-styles                                                                   4.3.0                                              npm        
ansible-srpm-macros                                                           1-8.1.fc37                                         rpm        
aproba                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm        
archy                                                                         1.0.0                                              npm        
are-we-there-yet                                                              3.0.1                                              npm        
are-we-there-yet                                                              4.0.0                                              npm        
array-flatten                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
async                                                                         3.2.4                                              npm        
audit-libs                                                                    3.1-2.fc37                                         rpm        
authselect                                                                    1.4.2-1.fc37                                       rpm        
authselect-libs                                                               1.4.2-1.fc37                                       rpm        
avahi-libs                                                                    0.8-18.fc37                                        rpm        
balanced-match                                                                1.0.2                                              npm        
base64-js                                                                     1.5.1                                              npm        
base64id                                                                      2.0.0                                              npm        
basesystem                                                                    11-14.fc37                                         rpm        
bash                                                                          5.2.15-1.fc37                                      rpm        
bin-links                                                                     4.0.1                                              npm        
binary-extensions                                                             2.2.0                                              npm        
bindings                                                                      1.5.0                                              npm        
binutils                                                                      2.38-25.fc37                                       rpm        
binutils-gold                                                                 2.38-25.fc37                                       rpm        
body-parser                                                                   1.20.1                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               1.1.11                                             npm        
brace-expansion                                                               2.0.1                                              npm        
buffer                                                                        6.0.3                                              npm        
builtins                                                                      5.0.1                                              npm        
bytes                                                                         3.1.2                                              npm        
bzip2-libs                                                                    1.0.8-12.fc37                                      rpm        
ca-certificates                                                               2023.2.60-1.0.fc37                                 rpm        
cacache                                                                       16.1.3                                             npm        
cacache                                                                       17.0.4                                             npm        
cairo                                                                         1.17.6-2.fc37                                      rpm        
cairo-gobject                                                                 1.17.6-2.fc37                                      rpm        
call-bind                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
cdparanoia-libs                                                               10.2-40.fc37                                       rpm        
chalk                                                                         4.1.2                                              npm        
chownr                                                                        2.0.0                                              npm        
ci-info                                                                       3.8.0                                              npm        
cidr-regex                                                                    3.1.1                                              npm        
clean-stack                                                                   2.2.0                                              npm        
cli-columns                                                                   4.0.0                                              npm        
cli-table3                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
clone                                                                         1.0.4                                              npm        
cloud.google.com/go/compute/metadata                                          v0.2.1                                             go-module  
cmd-shim                                                                      6.0.1                                              npm        
color-convert                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm        
color-name                                                                    1.1.4                                              npm        
color-support                                                                 1.1.3                                              npm        
columnify                                                                     1.6.0                                              npm        
common-ancestor-path                                                          1.0.1                                              npm        
concat-map                                                                    0.0.1                                              npm        
console-control-strings                                                       1.1.0                                              npm        
container-selinux                                                             2:2.209.0-1.fc37                                   rpm        
containerd.io                                                                 1.6.20-3.1.fc37                                    rpm        
content-disposition                                                           0.5.4                                              npm        
content-type                                                                  1.0.5                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.4.2                                              npm        
cookie                                                                        0.5.0                                              npm        
cookie-signature                                                              1.0.6                                              npm        
coreutils                                                                     9.1-7.fc37                                         rpm        
coreutils-common                                                              9.1-7.fc37                                         rpm        
cors                                                                          2.8.5                                              npm        
cpp                                                                           12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
cracklib                                                                      2.9.7-30.fc37                                      rpm        
crypto-policies                                                               20220815-1.gite4ed860.fc37                         rpm        
cssesc                                                                        3.0.0                                              npm        
curl                                                                          7.85.0-8.fc37                                      rpm        
cyrus-sasl-lib                                                                2.1.28-8.fc37                                      rpm        
dbus                                                                          1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dbus-broker                                                                   33-1.fc37                                          rpm        
dbus-common                                                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dbus-daemon                                                                   1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dbus-libs                                                                     1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dbus-python                                                                   1.3.2                                              python     
dbus-tools                                                                    1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dbus-x11                                                                      1:1.14.6-1.fc37                                    rpm        
debug                                                                         2.6.9                                              npm        
debug                                                                         4.3.4                                              npm        
defaults                                                                      1.0.4                                              npm        
delegates                                                                     1.0.0                                              npm        
depd                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm        
depd                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm        
destroy                                                                       1.2.0                                              npm        
device-mapper                                                                 1.02.175-9.fc37                                    rpm        
device-mapper-libs                                                            1.02.175-9.fc37                                    rpm        
diff                                                                          5.1.0                                              npm        
diffutils                                                                     3.8-3.fc37                                         rpm        
distro                                                                        1.7.0                                              python     
dnf                                                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
dnf-data                                                                      4.15.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
dnf-plugins-core                                                              4.4.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
docker-buildx-plugin                                                          0:0.10.4-1.fc37                                    rpm        
docker-ce                                                                     3:23.0.4-1.fc37                                    rpm        
docker-ce-cli                                                                 1:23.0.4-1.fc37                                    rpm        
docker-ce-rootless-extras                                                     0:23.0.4-1.fc37                                    rpm        
docker-compose-plugin                                                         0:2.17.2-1.fc37                                    rpm        
dwz                                                                           0.14-7.fc37                                        rpm        
ee-first                                                                      1.1.1                                              npm        
efi-srpm-macros                                                               5-6.fc37                                           rpm        
ejs                                                                           3.1.9                                              npm        
elfutils-debuginfod-client                                                    0.189-1.fc37                                       rpm        
elfutils-default-yama-scope                                                   0.189-1.fc37                                       rpm        
elfutils-libelf                                                               0.189-1.fc37                                       rpm        
elfutils-libs                                                                 0.189-1.fc37                                       rpm        
emoji-regex                                                                   8.0.0                                              npm        
encodeurl                                                                     1.0.2                                              npm        
encoding                                                                      0.1.13                                             npm        
engine.io                                                                     6.4.1                                              npm        
engine.io-parser                                                              5.0.6                                              npm        
env-paths                                                                     2.2.1                                              npm        
err-code                                                                      2.0.3                                              npm        
escape-html                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
etag                                                                          1.8.1                                              npm        
event-target-shim                                                             5.0.1                                              npm        
events                                                                        3.3.0                                              npm        
expat                                                                         2.5.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
express                                                                       4.18.2                                             npm        
fastest-levenshtein                                                           1.0.16                                             npm        
fedora-gpg-keys                                                               37-2                                               rpm        
fedora-logos-httpd                                                            36.0.0-3.fc37                                      rpm        
fedora-release-common                                                         37-16                                              rpm        
fedora-release-container                                                      37-16                                              rpm        
fedora-release-identity-container                                             37-16                                              rpm        
fedora-repos                                                                  37-2                                               rpm        
fedora-repos-modular                                                          37-2                                               rpm        
ffmpeg                                                                        5.1.3-1.fc37                                       rpm        
ffmpeg-libs                                                                   5.1.3-1.fc37                                       rpm        
fftw-libs-double                                                              3.3.10-3.fc37                                      rpm        
fftw-libs-single                                                              3.3.10-3.fc37                                      rpm        
file                                                                          5.42-4.fc37                                        rpm        
file-libs                                                                     5.42-4.fc37                                        rpm        
file-uri-to-path                                                              1.0.0                                              npm        
filelist                                                                      1.0.4                                              npm        
filesystem                                                                    3.18-2.fc37                                        rpm        
finalhandler                                                                  1.2.0                                              npm        
findutils                                                                     1:4.9.0-2.fc37                                     rpm        
flac-libs                                                                     1.3.4-2.fc37                                       rpm        
fontconfig                                                                    2.14.1-2.fc37                                      rpm        
fonts-filesystem                                                              1:2.0.5-9.fc37                                     rpm        
fonts-srpm-macros                                                             1:2.0.5-9.fc37                                     rpm        
forwarded                                                                     0.2.0                                              npm        
fpc-srpm-macros                                                               1.3-6.fc37                                         rpm        
freetype                                                                      2.12.1-3.fc37                                      rpm        
fresh                                                                         0.5.2                                              npm        
fribidi                                                                       1.0.12-2.fc37                                      rpm        
fs-minipass                                                                   2.1.0                                              npm        
fs-minipass                                                                   3.0.1                                              npm        
fs.realpath                                                                   1.0.0                                              npm        
function-bind                                                                 1.1.1                                              npm        
fuse-common                                                                   3.10.5-5.fc37                                      rpm        
fuse-overlayfs                                                                1.9-6.fc37                                         rpm        
fuse3                                                                         3.10.5-5.fc37                                      rpm        
fuse3-libs                                                                    3.10.5-5.fc37                                      rpm        
gauge                                                                         4.0.4                                              npm        
gauge                                                                         5.0.0                                              npm        
gawk                                                                          5.1.1-4.fc37                                       rpm        
gc                                                                            8.0.6-4.fc37                                       rpm        
gcc                                                                           12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
gcc-c++                                                                       12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
gcc-plugin-annobin                                                            12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
gdbm-libs                                                                     1:1.23-2.fc37                                      rpm        
gdk-pixbuf2                                                                   2.42.10-1.fc37                                     rpm        
get-intrinsic                                                                 1.2.0                                              npm        
ghc-srpm-macros                                                               1.6.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
giflib                                                                        5.2.1-14.fc37                                      rpm        
github.com/AlecAivazis/survey/v2                                              v2.3.6                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                                         v0.11.24                                           go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                                    v0.9.18                                            go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                                    v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                                           v0.2.1                                             go-module  
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                                          v0.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/Microsoft/hcsshim                                                  v0.9.8                                             go-module  
github.com/agext/levenshtein                                                  v1.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/agl/ed25519                                                        v0.0.0-20170116200512-5312a6153412                 go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                                             v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v12                                      v12.0.0                                            go-module  
github.com/apparentlymart/go-textseg/v13                                      v13.0.0                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                                  v1.16.3                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                                           v1.15.5                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                                      v1.12.0                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                                 v1.12.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources                           v1.1.10                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2                            v2.4.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                                     v1.3.11                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url                   v1.9.4                                             go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                                      v1.11.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                                      v1.16.4                                            go-module  
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                                      v1.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/beorn7/perks                                                       v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/blang/semver                                                       v3.5.1+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/buger/goterm                                                       v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/cenkalti/backoff/v4                                                v4.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                                  v2.1.2                                             go-module  
github.com/checkpoint-restore/go-criu/v5                                      v5.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cilium/ebpf                                                        v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.13.2                                            go-module  
github.com/compose-spec/compose-go                                            v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/aufs                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/btrfs                                                   v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/cgroups                                                 v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/console                                                 v1.0.3                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v0.0.0-20230330203013-2806fc105739                 go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.16-0.20230124210447-1709cfe273d9              go-module  
github.com/containerd/containerd                                              v1.6.19                                            go-module  
github.com/containerd/continuity                                              v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/fifo                                                    v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-cni                                                  v1.1.6                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/go-runc                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/imgcrypt                                                v1.1.4                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/nri                                                     v0.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/ttrpc                                                   v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/typeurl                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/containerd/zfs                                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/cni                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/plugins                                        v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/containers/ocicrypt                                                v1.1.3                                             go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                                              v22.3.2                                            go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.0-20190314233015-f79a8a8ca69d                 go-module  
github.com/cpuguy83/go-md2man/v2                                              v2.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/cyphar/filepath-securejoin                                         v0.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                                    v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20220725133111-4bf3547399eb                 go-module  
github.com/distribution/distribution/v3                                       v3.0.0-20230223072852-e5d5810851d1                 go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/buildx                                                      v0.10.4                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v23.0.0-rc.1+incompatible                          go-module  
github.com/docker/cli                                                         v23.0.1+incompatible                               go-module  
github.com/docker/cli-docs-tool                                               v0.5.1                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/cli/cmd/docker                                              (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/compose/v2                                                  (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/distribution                                                v2.8.1+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v23.0.0-rc.1+incompatible                          go-module  
github.com/docker/docker                                                      v23.0.1+incompatible                               go-module  
github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers                                   v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/docker-proxy                                     (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/docker/cmd/dockerd                                          (devel)                                            go-module  
github.com/docker/go                                                          v1.5.1-1.0.20160303222718-d30aec9fd63c             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-connections                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-events                                                   v0.0.0-20190806004212-e31b211e4f1c                 go-module  
github.com/docker/go-metrics                                                  v0.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.4.0                                             go-module  
github.com/docker/go-units                                                    v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful                                                v2.9.5+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                                             v3.7.3                                             go-module  
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                                  v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.9                                             go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/fvbommel/sortorder                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/logr                                                       v1.2.3                                             go-module  
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                                       v1.2.2                                             go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus/v5                                                     v5.0.6                                             go-module  
github.com/gofrs/flock                                                        v0.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/googleapis                                                    v1.4.1                                             go-module  
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                                      v1.3.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                                  v4.4.2                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/mock                                                        v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/golang/protobuf                                                    v1.5.2                                             go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.6                                             go-module  
github.com/google/go-cmp                                                      v0.5.9                                             go-module  
github.com/google/gofuzz                                                      v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/google/shlex                                                       v0.0.0-20191202100458-e7afc7fbc510                 go-module  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/google/uuid                                                        v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/googleapis/gnostic                                                 v0.5.5                                             go-module  
github.com/gorilla/mux                                                        v1.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-middleware                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/go-grpc-prometheus                                  v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway                                        v1.16.0                                            go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/errwrap                                                  v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-cty-funcs                                             v0.0.0-20200930094925-2721b1e36840                 go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-multierror                                            v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/go-version                                               v1.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/hashicorp/hcl/v2                                                   v2.8.2                                             go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.12                                            go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.13                                            go-module  
github.com/imdario/mergo                                                      v0.3.14                                            go-module  
github.com/insomniacslk/dhcp                                                  v0.0.0-20220119180841-3c283ff8b7dd                 go-module  
github.com/intel/goresctrl                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/jonboulle/clockwork                                                v0.3.1-0.20230117163003-a89700cec744               go-module  
github.com/json-iterator/go                                                   v1.1.12                                            go-module  
github.com/kballard/go-shellquote                                             v0.0.0-20180428030007-95032a82bc51                 go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.11.13                                           go-module  
github.com/klauspost/compress                                                 v1.15.12                                           go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-colorable                                                 v0.1.13                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-isatty                                                    v0.0.17                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-runewidth                                                 v0.0.14                                            go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords                                                v1.0.12                                            go-module  
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions                              v1.0.4                                             go-module  
github.com/mgutz/ansi                                                         v0.0.0-20170206155736-9520e82c474b                 go-module  
github.com/miekg/pkcs11                                                       v1.1.1                                             go-module  
github.com/mistifyio/go-zfs                                                   v2.1.2-0.20190413222219-f784269be439+incompatible  go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/go-wordwrap                                              v0.0.0-20150314170334-ad45545899c7                 go-module  
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                                             v1.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.2                                            go-module  
github.com/moby/buildkit                                                      v0.11.5                                            go-module  
github.com/moby/locker                                                        v1.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/patternmatcher                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/spdystream                                                    v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/mountinfo                                                 v0.6.2                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/sequential                                                v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.6.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/signal                                                    v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/sys/symlink                                                   v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20221120202655-abb19827d345                 go-module  
github.com/moby/term                                                          v0.0.0-20221205130635-1aeaba878587                 go-module  
github.com/moby/vpnkit                                                        v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                               v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd                 go-module  
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                                 v1.0.2                                             go-module  
github.com/morikuni/aec                                                       v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/mrunalp/fileutils                                                  v0.5.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/go-digest                                           v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.0.3-0.20220303224323-02efb9a75ee1               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2                                         go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/image-spec                                          v1.1.0-rc2.0.20221005185240-3a7f492d3f1b           go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v0.0.0-20230329064553-f19387a6bec4                 go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.3                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runc                                                v1.1.5                                             go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/runtime-spec                                        v1.0.3-0.20210326190908-1c3f411f0417               go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.0                                            go-module  
github.com/opencontainers/selinux                                             v1.10.1                                            go-module  
github.com/pelletier/go-toml                                                  v1.9.5                                             go-module  
github.com/pkg/errors                                                         v0.9.1                                             go-module  
github.com/pmezard/go-difflib                                                 v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.11.1                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                                           v1.14.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/client_model                                            v0.3.0                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.30.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/common                                                  v0.37.0                                            go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.7.3                                             go-module  
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                                  v0.8.0                                             go-module  
github.com/rivo/uniseg                                                        v0.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/rootless-containers/rootlesskit                                    v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.0.1                                             go-module  
github.com/russross/blackfriday/v2                                            v2.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/seccomp/libseccomp-golang                                          v0.9.2-0.20220502022130-f33da4d89646               go-module  
github.com/serialx/hashring                                                   v0.0.0-20190422032157-8b2912629002                 go-module  
github.com/shurcooL/sanitized_anchor_name                                     v1.0.0                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/sirupsen/logrus                                                    v1.9.0                                             go-module  
github.com/songgao/water                                                      v0.0.0-20200317203138-2b4b6d7c09d8                 go-module  
github.com/spf13/cobra                                                        v1.6.1                                             go-module  
github.com/spf13/pflag                                                        v1.0.5                                             go-module  
github.com/stefanberger/go-pkcs11uri                                          v0.0.0-20201008174630-78d3cae3a980                 go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.1                                             go-module  
github.com/stretchr/testify                                                   v1.8.2                                             go-module  
github.com/syndtr/gocapability                                                v0.0.0-20200815063812-42c35b437635                 go-module  
github.com/tchap/go-patricia                                                  v2.2.6+incompatible                                go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.6.1                                             go-module  
github.com/theupdateframework/notary                                          v0.7.0                                             go-module  
github.com/tilt-dev/fsnotify                                                  v1.4.8-0.20220602155310-fff9c274a375               go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/fsutil                                                  v0.0.0-20230105215944-fb433841cbfa                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/units                                                   v0.0.0-20180711220420-6950e57a87ea                 go-module  
github.com/tonistiigi/vt100                                                   v0.0.0-20210615222946-8066bb97264f                 go-module  
github.com/u-root/uio                                                         v0.0.0-20210528114334-82958018845c                 go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli                                                         v1.22.1                                            go-module  
github.com/urfave/cli/v2                                                      v2.23.5                                            go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.0                                             go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink                                                v1.1.1-0.20210330154013-f5de75959ad5               go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20191106174202-0a2b9b5464df                 go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns                                                  v0.0.0-20210104183010-2eb08e3e575f                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20180127040702-4e3ac2762d5f                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonpointer                                              v0.0.0-20190905194746-02993c407bfb                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonreference                                            v0.0.0-20180127040603-bd5ef7bd5415                 go-module  
github.com/xeipuuv/gojsonschema                                               v1.2.0                                             go-module  
github.com/xrash/smetrics                                                     v0.0.0-20201216005158-039620a65673                 go-module  
github.com/zclconf/go-cty                                                     v1.10.0                                            go-module  
glib2                                                                         2.74.6-1.fc37                                      rpm        
glibc                                                                         2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibc-common                                                                  2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibc-devel                                                                   2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibc-gconv-extra                                                             2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibc-headers-x86                                                             2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibc-minimal-langpack                                                        2.36-9.fc37                                        rpm        
glibmm2.4                                                                     2.66.5-2.fc37                                      rpm        
glob                                                                          7.2.3                                              npm        
glob                                                                          8.1.0                                              npm        
gmp                                                                           1:6.2.1-3.fc37                                     rpm        
gnat-srpm-macros                                                              5-1.fc37                                           rpm        
gnupg2                                                                        2.3.8-1.fc37                                       rpm        
gnutls                                                                        3.8.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
go-srpm-macros                                                                3.2.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
go.etcd.io/bbolt                                                              v1.3.6                                             go-module  
go.mozilla.org/pkcs7                                                          v0.0.0-20200128120323-432b2356ecb1                 go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.28.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc   v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace  v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp                 v0.29.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                                      v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/internal/retry                        v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace                             v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp               v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/internal/metric                                      v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                               v0.27.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk                                                  v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.14.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.3.0                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                                v1.4.1                                             go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.11.0                                            go-module  
go.opentelemetry.io/proto/otlp                                                v0.12.0                                            go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.0.0-20220315160706-3147a52a75dd                 go-module  
golang.org/x/crypto                                                           v0.2.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20201224014010-6772e930b67b                 go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155237-a158d28d115b                 go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.4.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/net                                                              v0.7.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20210819190943-2bc19b11175f                 go-module  
golang.org/x/oauth2                                                           v0.0.0-20221014153046-6fdb5e3db783                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.0.0-20210220032951-036812b2e83c                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sync                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20211116061358-0a5406a5449c                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.0.0-20220722155257-8c9f86f7a55f                 go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.2.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.3.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                                                              v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.0.0-20210927222741-03fcf44c2211                 go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.3.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/term                                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.3.7                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.5.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/text                                                             v0.7.0                                             go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.0.0-20210723032227-1f47c861a9ac                 go-module  
golang.org/x/time                                                             v0.1.0                                             go-module  
google-noto-fonts-common                                                      20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37                     rpm        
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts                                                     20201206^1.git0c78c8329-7.fc37                     rpm        
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20200224152610-e50cd9704f63                 go-module  
google.golang.org/genproto                                                    v0.0.0-20221024183307-1bc688fe9f3e                 go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.47.0                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/grpc                                                        v1.50.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.27.1                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.0                                            go-module  
google.golang.org/protobuf                                                    v1.28.1                                            go-module  
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                               v0.9.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/square/go-jose.v2                                                    v2.5.1                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                                              v2.4.0                                             go-module  
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                                              v3.0.1                                             go-module  
gperftools-libs                                                               2.9.1-4.fc37                                       rpm        
gpg                                                                           1.17.0                                             python     
gpg-pubkey                                                                    5323552a-6112bcdc                                  rpm        
gpg-pubkey                                                                    621e9f35-58ade481                                  rpm        
gpg-pubkey                                                                    94843c65-5dadbc64                                  rpm        
gpg-pubkey                                                                    d651ff2e-5dadbbc1                                  rpm        
gpgme                                                                         1.17.0-4.fc37                                      rpm        
graceful-fs                                                                   4.2.10                                             npm        
graphene                                                                      1.10.6-4.fc37                                      rpm        
graphite2                                                                     1.3.14-10.fc37                                     rpm        
grep                                                                          3.7-4.fc37                                         rpm        
groff-base                                                                    1.22.4-10.fc37                                     rpm        
gsm                                                                           1.0.22-1.fc37                                      rpm        
gstreamer1                                                                    1.20.5-1.fc37                                      rpm        
gstreamer1-plugins-base                                                       1.20.5-1.fc37                                      rpm        
guile22                                                                       2.2.7-6.fc37                                       rpm        
gzip                                                                          1.12-2.fc37                                        rpm        
harfbuzz                                                                      5.2.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
has                                                                           1.0.3                                              npm        
has-flag                                                                      4.0.0                                              npm        
has-symbols                                                                   1.0.3                                              npm        
has-unicode                                                                   2.0.1                                              npm        
highway                                                                       1.0.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
hosted-git-info                                                               6.1.1                                              npm        
hostname                                                                      3.23-7.fc37                                        rpm        
http-cache-semantics                                                          4.1.1                                              npm        
http-errors                                                                   2.0.0                                              npm        
http-proxy-agent                                                              5.0.0                                              npm        
https-proxy-agent                                                             5.0.1                                              npm        
humanize-ms                                                                   1.2.1                                              npm        
hwdata                                                                        0.369-1.fc37                                       rpm        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.4.24                                             npm        
iconv-lite                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
ieee754                                                                       1.2.1                                              npm        
ignore-walk                                                                   6.0.1                                              npm        
ilbc                                                                          3.0.4-3.fc37                                       rpm        
ima-evm-utils                                                                 1.4-6.fc37                                         rpm        
imlib2                                                                        1.7.4-3.fc37                                       rpm        
imurmurhash                                                                   0.1.4                                              npm        
indent-string                                                                 4.0.0                                              npm        
infer-owner                                                                   1.0.4                                              npm        
inflight                                                                      1.0.6                                              npm        
inherits                                                                      2.0.4                                              npm        
ini                                                                           3.0.1                                              npm        
init-package-json                                                             5.0.0                                              npm        
intel-gmmlib                                                                  22.2.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
intel-media-driver                                                            22.5.4-3.fc37                                      rpm        
intel-mediasdk                                                                22.5.4-1.fc37                                      rpm        
ip                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
ip-regex                                                                      4.3.0                                              npm        
ipaddr.js                                                                     1.9.1                                              npm        
iptables-legacy                                                               1.8.8-4.fc37                                       rpm        
iptables-legacy-libs                                                          1.8.8-4.fc37                                       rpm        
iptables-libs                                                                 1.8.8-4.fc37                                       rpm        
is-cidr                                                                       4.0.2                                              npm        
is-core-module                                                                2.11.0                                             npm        
is-fullwidth-code-point                                                       3.0.0                                              npm        
is-lambda                                                                     1.0.1                                              npm        
isexe                                                                         2.0.0                                              npm        
iso-codes                                                                     4.11.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
jack-audio-connection-kit                                                     1.9.21-3.fc37                                      rpm        
jake                                                                          10.8.5                                             npm        
jansson                                                                       2.13.1-5.fc37                                      rpm        
jbigkit-libs                                                                  2.1-24.fc37                                        rpm        
jq                                                                            1.6-14.fc37                                        rpm        
js-jquery                                                                     3.6.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
json-c                                                                        0.16-3.fc37                                        rpm        
json-parse-even-better-errors                                                 3.0.0                                              npm        
json-stringify-nice                                                           1.1.4                                              npm        
jsonparse                                                                     1.3.1                                              npm        
just-diff                                                                     5.2.0                                              npm        
just-diff-apply                                                               5.5.0                                              npm        
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/api                                                                    v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apimachinery                                                           v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/apiserver                                                              v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.4                                            go-module  
k8s.io/client-go                                                              v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/component-base                                                         v0.22.5                                            go-module  
k8s.io/cri-api                                                                v0.25.0                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.30.0                                            go-module  
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                                v2.60.1                                            go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20210930125809-cb0fa318a74b                 go-module  
k8s.io/utils                                                                  v0.0.0-20220210201930-3a6ce19ff2f9                 go-module  
kclient                                                                       0.3.6                                              npm        
kernel-headers                                                                6.2.6-200.fc37                                     rpm        
kernel-srpm-macros                                                            1.0-15.fc37                                        rpm        
keyutils-libs                                                                 1.6.1-5.fc37                                       rpm        
kmod                                                                          30-2.fc37                                          rpm        
kmod-libs                                                                     30-2.fc37                                          rpm        
krb5-libs                                                                     1.19.2-13.fc37                                     rpm        
ladspa                                                                        1.13-29.fc37                                       rpm        
lame-libs                                                                     3.100-13.fc37                                      rpm        
langpacks-core-font-en                                                        3.0-26.fc37                                        rpm        
lcms2                                                                         2.14-1.fc37                                        rpm        
leptonica                                                                     1.82.0-8.fc37                                      rpm        
libICE                                                                        1.0.10-9.fc37                                      rpm        
libSM                                                                         1.2.3-11.fc37                                      rpm        
libX11                                                                        1.8.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libX11-common                                                                 1.8.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libX11-xcb                                                                    1.8.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libXScrnSaver                                                                 1.2.3-11.fc37                                      rpm        
libXau                                                                        1.0.10-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libXaw                                                                        1.0.14-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libXcursor                                                                    1.2.1-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libXdamage                                                                    1.1.5-8.fc37                                       rpm        
libXdmcp                                                                      1.1.3-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libXext                                                                       1.3.4-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libXfixes                                                                     6.0.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libXfont2                                                                     2.0.3-13.fc37                                      rpm        
libXft                                                                        2.3.4-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libXi                                                                         1.8-3.fc37                                         rpm        
libXinerama                                                                   1.1.4-11.fc37                                      rpm        
libXmu                                                                        1.1.3-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libXpm                                                                        3.5.15-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libXrandr                                                                     1.5.2-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libXrender                                                                    0.9.10-17.fc37                                     rpm        
libXt                                                                         1.2.1-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libXtst                                                                       1.2.3-17.fc37                                      rpm        
libXv                                                                         1.0.11-17.fc37                                     rpm        
libXvMC                                                                       1.0.12-8.fc37                                      rpm        
libXxf86vm                                                                    1.1.4-19.fc37                                      rpm        
libacl                                                                        2.3.1-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libaom                                                                        3.6.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libarchive                                                                    3.6.1-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libass                                                                        0.17.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libassuan                                                                     2.5.5-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libasyncns                                                                    0.8-23.fc37                                        rpm        
libattr                                                                       2.5.1-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libavdevice                                                                   5.1.3-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libb2                                                                         0.98.1-7.fc37                                      rpm        
libblkid                                                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libbluray                                                                     1.3.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libbrotli                                                                     1.0.9-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libbs2b                                                                       3.1.0-29.fc37                                      rpm        
libbsd                                                                        0.11.7-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libcap                                                                        2.48-5.fc37                                        rpm        
libcap-ng                                                                     0.8.3-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libcbor                                                                       0.7.0-7.fc37                                       rpm        
libcdio                                                                       2.1.0-8.fc37                                       rpm        
libcdio-paranoia                                                              10.2+2.0.1-7.fc37                                  rpm        
libcgroup                                                                     3.0-1.fc37                                         rpm        
libchromaprint                                                                1.5.1-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libcom_err                                                                    1.46.5-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libcomps                                                                      0.1.18                                             python     
libcomps                                                                      0.1.18-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libconfig                                                                     1.7.3-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libcurl                                                                       7.85.0-8.fc37                                      rpm        
libdatrie                                                                     0.2.13-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libdav1d                                                                      1.0.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libdb                                                                         5.3.28-53.fc37                                     rpm        
libdecor                                                                      0.1.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libdnf                                                                        0.70.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libdrm                                                                        2.4.114-1.fc37                                     rpm        
libeconf                                                                      0.4.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libedit                                                                       3.1-43.20221009cvs.fc37                            rpm        
libepoxy                                                                      1.5.10-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libevdev                                                                      1.13.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libevent                                                                      2.1.12-7.fc37                                      rpm        
libfdisk                                                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libffado                                                                      2.4.7-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libffi                                                                        3.4.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libfido2                                                                      1.11.0-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libfontenc                                                                    1.1.4-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libfsverity                                                                   1.4-8.fc37                                         rpm        
libgcc                                                                        12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libgcrypt                                                                     1.10.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libglvnd                                                                      1:1.5.0-1.fc37                                     rpm        
libglvnd-egl                                                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                                     rpm        
libglvnd-glx                                                                  1:1.5.0-1.fc37                                     rpm        
libgomp                                                                       12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libgpg-error                                                                  1.46-1.fc37                                        rpm        
libgudev                                                                      237-3.fc37                                         rpm        
libibverbs                                                                    41.0-1.fc37                                        rpm        
libicu                                                                        71.1-2.fc37                                        rpm        
libidn2                                                                       2.3.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libiec61883                                                                   1.2.0-30.fc37                                      rpm        
libinput                                                                      1.22.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libjpeg-turbo                                                                 2.1.3-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libjxl                                                                        1:0.7.0-5.fc37                                     rpm        
libksba                                                                       1.6.3-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libldb                                                                        2.6.2-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libmd                                                                         1.0.4-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libmnl                                                                        1.0.5-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libmodplug                                                                    1:0.8.9.0-15.fc37                                  rpm        
libmodulemd                                                                   2.14.0-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libmount                                                                      2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libmpc                                                                        1.2.1-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libmysofa                                                                     1.2.1-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libnetfilter_conntrack                                                        1.0.8-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libnfnetlink                                                                  1.0.1-22.fc37                                      rpm        
libnghttp2                                                                    1.51.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libnl3                                                                        3.7.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libnpmaccess                                                                  7.0.2                                              npm        
libnpmdiff                                                                    5.0.10                                             npm        
libnpmexec                                                                    5.0.10                                             npm        
libnpmfund                                                                    4.0.10                                             npm        
libnpmhook                                                                    9.0.3                                              npm        
libnpmorg                                                                     5.0.3                                              npm        
libnpmpack                                                                    5.0.10                                             npm        
libnpmpublish                                                                 7.1.0                                              npm        
libnpmsearch                                                                  6.0.2                                              npm        
libnpmteam                                                                    5.0.3                                              npm        
libnpmversion                                                                 4.0.2                                              npm        
libnsl2                                                                       2.0.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libogg                                                                        2:1.3.5-4.fc37                                     rpm        
libopenmpt                                                                    0.6.9-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libpcap                                                                       14:1.10.4-1.fc37                                   rpm        
libpciaccess                                                                  0.16-7.fc37                                        rpm        
libpkgconf                                                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libplacebo                                                                    4.208.0-1.fc37                                     rpm        
libpng                                                                        2:1.6.37-13.fc37                                   rpm        
libpsl                                                                        0.21.1-6.fc37                                      rpm        
libpwquality                                                                  1.4.5-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libraw1394                                                                    2.1.2-16.fc37                                      rpm        
librepo                                                                       1.15.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libreport-filesystem                                                          2.17.4-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libretls                                                                      3.7.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
librsvg2                                                                      2.54.5-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libsamplerate                                                                 0.2.2-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libseccomp                                                                    2.5.3-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libselinux                                                                    3.5-1.fc37                                         rpm        
libselinux-utils                                                              3.5-1.fc37                                         rpm        
libsemanage                                                                   3.5-2.fc37                                         rpm        
libsepol                                                                      3.5-1.fc37                                         rpm        
libshaderc                                                                    2022.2-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libsigc++20                                                                   2.10.8-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libsigsegv                                                                    2.14-3.fc37                                        rpm        
libslirp                                                                      4.7.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libsmartcols                                                                  2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libsmbclient                                                                  2:4.17.7-0.fc37                                    rpm        
libsndfile                                                                    1.1.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libsodium                                                                     1.0.18-10.fc37                                     rpm        
libsolv                                                                       0.7.22-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libssh                                                                        0.10.4-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libssh-config                                                                 0.10.4-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libstdc++                                                                     12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libstdc++-devel                                                               12.2.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libtalloc                                                                     2.3.4-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libtasn1                                                                      4.19.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libtdb                                                                        1.4.7-3.fc37                                       rpm        
libtevent                                                                     0.13.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libthai                                                                       0.1.29-3.fc37                                      rpm        
libtheora                                                                     1:1.1.1-32.fc37                                    rpm        
libtiff                                                                       4.4.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libtirpc                                                                      1.3.3-0.fc37                                       rpm        
libtool-ltdl                                                                  2.4.7-2.fc37                                       rpm        
libudfread                                                                    1.1.2-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libunistring                                                                  1.0-2.fc37                                         rpm        
libunwind                                                                     1.6.2-5.fc37                                       rpm        
libutempter                                                                   1.2.1-7.fc37                                       rpm        
libuuid                                                                       2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libuv                                                                         1:1.44.2-2.fc37                                    rpm        
libv4l                                                                        1.22.1-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libva                                                                         2.16.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libvdpau                                                                      1.5-2.fc37                                         rpm        
libverto                                                                      0.3.2-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libvisual                                                                     1:0.4.0-36.fc37                                    rpm        
libvmaf                                                                       2.3.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
libvorbis                                                                     1:1.3.7-6.fc37                                     rpm        
libvpx                                                                        1.12.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libwacom                                                                      2.6.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libwacom-data                                                                 2.6.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libwayland-client                                                             1.21.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libwayland-cursor                                                             1.21.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libwayland-egl                                                                1.21.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libwayland-server                                                             1.21.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libwbclient                                                                   2:4.17.7-0.fc37                                    rpm        
libwebp                                                                       1.3.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
libxcb                                                                        1.13.1-10.fc37                                     rpm        
libxcrypt                                                                     4.4.33-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libxcrypt-devel                                                               4.4.33-4.fc37                                      rpm        
libxkbfile                                                                    1.1.0-9.fc37                                       rpm        
libxml++                                                                      2.42.2-1.fc37                                      rpm        
libxml2                                                                       2.10.3-2.fc37                                      rpm        
libxshmfence                                                                  1.3-11.fc37                                        rpm        
libyaml                                                                       0.2.5-8.fc37                                       rpm        
libzstd                                                                       1.5.5-1.fc37                                       rpm        
lilv-libs                                                                     0.24.14-3.fc37                                     rpm        
llvm-libs                                                                     15.0.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
lmdb-libs                                                                     0.9.30-1.fc37                                      rpm        
lru-cache                                                                     6.0.0                                              npm        
lru-cache                                                                     7.14.1                                             npm        
lua-libs                                                                      5.4.4-9.fc37                                       rpm        
lua-srpm-macros                                                               1-7.fc37                                           rpm        
lv2                                                                           1.18.8-2.fc37                                      rpm        
lz4-libs                                                                      1.9.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
make                                                                          1:4.3-11.fc37                                      rpm        
make-fetch-happen                                                             10.2.1                                             npm        
make-fetch-happen                                                             11.0.3                                             npm        
media-typer                                                                   0.3.0                                              npm        
merge-descriptors                                                             1.0.1                                              npm        
mesa-dri-drivers                                                              22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-filesystem                                                               22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-libEGL                                                                   22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-libGL                                                                    22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-libgbm                                                                   22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-libglapi                                                                 22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
mesa-va-drivers                                                               22.3.7-1.fc37                                      rpm        
methods                                                                       1.1.2                                              npm        
mime                                                                          1.6.0                                              npm        
mime-db                                                                       1.52.0                                             npm        
mime-types                                                                    2.1.35                                             npm        
minimatch                                                                     3.1.2                                              npm        
minimatch                                                                     5.1.6                                              npm        
minimatch                                                                     6.2.0                                              npm        
minipass                                                                      3.3.6                                              npm        
minipass                                                                      4.0.3                                              npm        
minipass-collect                                                              1.0.2                                              npm        
minipass-fetch                                                                2.1.2                                              npm        
minipass-fetch                                                                3.0.1                                              npm        
minipass-flush                                                                1.0.5                                              npm        
minipass-json-stream                                                          1.0.1                                              npm        
minipass-pipeline                                                             1.2.4                                              npm        
minipass-sized                                                                1.0.3                                              npm        
minizlib                                                                      2.1.2                                              npm        
mkdirp                                                                        1.0.4                                              npm        
mozjs102                                                                      102.9.0-1.fc37                                     rpm        
mpdecimal                                                                     2.5.1-4.fc37                                       rpm        
mpfr                                                                          4.1.0-10.fc37                                      rpm        
mpg123-libs                                                                   1.31.3-1.fc37                                      rpm        
ms                                                                            2.0.0                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.2                                              npm        
ms                                                                            2.1.3                                              npm        
mtdev                                                                         1.1.6-4.fc37                                       rpm        
mute-stream                                                                   1.0.0                                              npm        
nan                                                                           2.17.0                                             npm        
ncurses                                                                       6.3-4.20220501.fc37                                rpm        
ncurses-base                                                                  6.3-4.20220501.fc37                                rpm        
ncurses-libs                                                                  6.3-4.20220501.fc37                                rpm        
negotiator                                                                    0.6.3                                              npm        
netcat                                                                        1.219-2.fc37                                       rpm        
nettle                                                                        3.8-2.fc37                                         rpm        
nginx                                                                         1:1.22.1-1.fc37                                    rpm        
nginx-core                                                                    1:1.22.1-1.fc37                                    rpm        
nginx-filesystem                                                              1:1.22.1-1.fc37                                    rpm        
nginx-mimetypes                                                               2.1.53-4.fc37                                      rpm        
nim-srpm-macros                                                               3-7.fc37                                           rpm        
node-gyp                                                                      9.3.1                                              npm        
nodejs                                                                        1:18.15.0-1.fc37                                   rpm        
nodejs-libs                                                                   1:18.15.0-1.fc37                                   rpm        
nopt                                                                          6.0.0                                              npm        
nopt                                                                          7.0.0                                              npm        
normalize-package-data                                                        5.0.0                                              npm        
npm                                                                           9.5.0                                              npm        
npm-audit-report                                                              4.0.0                                              npm        
npm-bundled                                                                   3.0.0                                              npm        
npm-install-checks                                                            6.0.0                                              npm        
npm-normalize-package-bin                                                     3.0.0                                              npm        
npm-package-arg                                                               10.1.0                                             npm        
npm-packlist                                                                  7.0.4                                              npm        
npm-pick-manifest                                                             8.0.1                                              npm        
npm-profile                                                                   7.0.1                                              npm        
npm-registry-fetch                                                            14.0.3                                             npm        
npm-user-validate                                                             2.0.0                                              npm        
npmlog                                                                        6.0.2                                              npm        
npmlog                                                                        7.0.1                                              npm        
npth                                                                          1.6-9.fc37                                         rpm        
numactl-libs                                                                  2.0.14-6.fc37                                      rpm        
object-assign                                                                 4.1.1                                              npm        
object-inspect                                                                1.12.3                                             npm        
ocaml-srpm-macros                                                             7-2.fc37                                           rpm        
ocl-icd                                                                       2.3.1-2.fc37                                       rpm        
on-finished                                                                   2.4.1                                              npm        
once                                                                          1.4.0                                              npm        
oniguruma                                                                     6.9.8-2.D20220919gitb041f6d.fc37                   rpm        
openal-soft                                                                   1.22.2-6.fc37                                      rpm        
openblas-srpm-macros                                                          2-12.fc37                                          rpm        
openbox                                                                       3.6.1-20.fc37                                      rpm        
openbox-libs                                                                  3.6.1-20.fc37                                      rpm        
opencore-amr                                                                  0.1.6-3.fc37                                       rpm        
openjpeg2                                                                     2.5.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
openldap                                                                      2.6.4-1.fc37                                       rpm        
openpgm                                                                       5.2.122-29.fc37                                    rpm        
openssh                                                                       8.8p1-10.fc37                                      rpm        
openssh-clients                                                               8.8p1-10.fc37                                      rpm        
openssl                                                                       1:3.0.8-1.fc37                                     rpm        
openssl-libs                                                                  1:3.0.8-1.fc37                                     rpm        
opus                                                                          1.3.1-11.fc37                                      rpm        
orc                                                                           0.4.31-8.fc37                                      rpm        
p-map                                                                         4.0.0                                              npm        
p11-kit                                                                       0.24.1-3.fc37                                      rpm        
p11-kit-trust                                                                 0.24.1-3.fc37                                      rpm        
package-notes-srpm-macros                                                     0.5-6.fc37                                         rpm        
pacote                                                                        15.1.0                                             npm        
pam                                                                           1.5.2-14.fc37                                      rpm        
pam-libs                                                                      1.5.2-14.fc37                                      rpm        
pango                                                                         1.50.14-1.fc37                                     rpm        
parse-conflict-json                                                           3.0.0                                              npm        
parseurl                                                                      1.3.3                                              npm        
path-is-absolute                                                              1.0.1                                              npm        
path-to-regexp                                                                0.1.7                                              npm        
pciutils-libs                                                                 3.9.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
pcre                                                                          8.45-1.fc37.2                                      rpm        
pcre2                                                                         10.40-1.fc37.1                                     rpm        
pcre2-syntax                                                                  10.40-1.fc37.1                                     rpm        
perl                                                                          4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Algorithm-Diff                                                           1.2010-7.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Archive-Tar                                                              2.40-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Archive-Zip                                                              1.68-9.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Attribute-Handlers                                                       0:1.02-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-AutoLoader                                                               0:5.74-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-AutoSplit                                                                0:5.74-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-B                                                                        0:1.83-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Benchmark                                                                0:1.23-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-CPAN                                                                     2.34-4.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-CPAN-Meta                                                                2.150010-489.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements                                                   2.140-490.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML                                                           0.018-490.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-Carp                                                                     1.52-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Class-Struct                                                             0:0.66-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Clone                                                                    0.45-9.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Compress-Bzip2                                                           2.28-10.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2                                                       2.201-2.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma                                                        2.201-7.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib                                                        2.202-3.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Config-Extensions                                                        0:0.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Config-Perl-V                                                            0.34-1.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-DBM_Filter                                                               0:0.06-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-DB_File                                                                  1.858-4.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Data-Dumper                                                              2.184-490.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-Data-OptList                                                             0.112-5.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Data-Section                                                             0.200007-17.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-Devel-PPPort                                                             3.68-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Devel-Peek                                                               0:1.32-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Devel-SelfStubber                                                        0:1.06-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Devel-Size                                                               0.83-13.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Digest                                                                   1.20-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Digest-MD5                                                               2.58-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Digest-SHA                                                               1:6.03-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Digest-SHA1                                                              2.13-37.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-DirHandle                                                                0:1.05-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Dumpvalue                                                                0:2.27-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-DynaLoader                                                               0:1.52-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Encode                                                                   4:3.19-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Encode-devel                                                             4:3.19-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-English                                                                  0:1.11-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Env                                                                      1.05-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Errno                                                                    0:1.36-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Exporter                                                                 5.77-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Exporter-Tiny                                                            1.006000-1.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder                                                        1:0.280236-489.fc37                                rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Command                                                         2:7.66-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Constant                                                        0:0.25-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Embed                                                           0:1.35-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Install                                                         2.20-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils                                                        2:7.66-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker                                                       2:7.66-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest                                                        1:1.73-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl                                                        0:1.11-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS                                                         1:3.45-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Fcntl                                                                    0:1.15-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-File-Basename                                                            0:2.85-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-File-Compare                                                             0:1.100.700-492.fc37                               rpm        
perl-File-Copy                                                                0:2.39-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-File-DosGlob                                                             0:1.12-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-File-Fetch                                                               1.04-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-File-Find                                                                0:1.40-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-File-HomeDir                                                             1.006-7.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-File-Path                                                                2.18-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-File-Temp                                                                1:0.231.100-489.fc37                               rpm        
perl-File-Which                                                               1.27-6.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-File-stat                                                                0:1.12-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-FileCache                                                                0:1.10-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-FileHandle                                                               0:2.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Filter                                                                   2:1.64-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Filter-Simple                                                            0.96-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-FindBin                                                                  0:1.53-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-GDBM_File                                                                1:1.23-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Getopt-Long                                                              1:2.54-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Getopt-Std                                                               0:1.13-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-HTTP-Tiny                                                                0.082-1.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Hash-Merge-Simple                                                        0.051-24.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Hash-Util                                                                0:0.28-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash                                                      0:1.26-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-I18N-Collate                                                             0:1.02-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-I18N-LangTags                                                            0:0.45-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-I18N-Langinfo                                                            0:0.21-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-IO                                                                       0:1.50-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-IO-Compress                                                              2.201-3.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma                                                         2.201-2.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-IO-Socket-IP                                                             0.41-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-IO-Zlib                                                                  1:1.11-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-IPC-Cmd                                                                  2:1.04-490.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-IPC-Open3                                                                0:1.22-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-IPC-SysV                                                                 2.09-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-IPC-System-Simple                                                        1.30-9.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Importer                                                                 0.026-7.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-JSON-PP                                                                  1:4.11-1.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-List-MoreUtils                                                           0.430-7.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS                                                        0.430-7.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Locale-Maketext                                                          1.32-1.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple                                                   1:0.21-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-MIME-Base64                                                              3.16-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-MRO-Compat                                                               0.15-4.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Math-BigInt                                                              1:1.9998.37-2.fc37                                 rpm        
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc                                                     0.501.300-3.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-Math-BigRat                                                              0.2624-2.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Math-Complex                                                             0:1.59-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Memoize                                                                  0:1.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Module-Build                                                             2:0.42.31-15.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Module-CoreList                                                          1:5.20230320-1.fc37                                rpm        
perl-Module-CoreList-tools                                                    1:5.20230320-1.fc37                                rpm        
perl-Module-Load                                                              1:0.36-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Module-Load-Conditional                                                  0.74-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Module-Loaded                                                            1:0.08-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Module-Metadata                                                          1.000037-489.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Module-Signature                                                         0.88-4.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-NDBM_File                                                                0:1.15-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-NEXT                                                                     0:0.69-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Net                                                                      0:1.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Net-Ping                                                                 2.75-1.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-ODBM_File                                                                0:1.17-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Object-HashBase                                                          0.009-10.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Opcode                                                                   0:1.57-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-POSIX                                                                    0:2.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Package-Generator                                                        1.106-26.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Params-Check                                                             1:0.38-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Params-Util                                                              1.102-8.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-PathTools                                                                3.84-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Perl-OSType                                                              1.010-490.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint                                                   0.10-3.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Pod-Checker                                                              4:1.75-3.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Pod-Escapes                                                              1:1.07-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Pod-Functions                                                            0:1.14-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Pod-Html                                                                 0:1.33-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Pod-Perldoc                                                              3.28.01-490.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-Pod-Simple                                                               1:3.43-490.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Pod-Usage                                                                4:2.03-3.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Safe                                                                     0:2.43-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Scalar-List-Utils                                                        5:1.63-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Search-Dict                                                              0:1.07-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-SelectSaver                                                              0:1.02-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-SelfLoader                                                               0:1.26-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Socket                                                                   4:2.036-1.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-Software-License                                                         0.104002-2.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Storable                                                                 1:3.26-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Sub-Exporter                                                             0.988-5.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Sub-Install                                                              0.928-33.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Switch                                                                   2.17-26.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Symbol                                                                   0:1.09-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Sys-Hostname                                                             0:1.24-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Sys-Syslog                                                               0.36-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Term-ANSIColor                                                           5.01-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Term-Cap                                                                 1.17-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Term-Complete                                                            0:1.403-492.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-Term-ReadLine                                                            0:1.17-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Term-Table                                                               0.016-4.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Test                                                                     0:1.31-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Test-Harness                                                             1:3.44-490.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Test-Simple                                                              3:1.302191-2.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Text-Abbrev                                                              0:1.02-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Text-Balanced                                                            2.06-2.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Text-Diff                                                                1.45-16.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Text-Glob                                                                0.11-18.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-Text-ParseWords                                                          3.31-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap                                                           2021.0814-489.fc37                                 rpm        
perl-Text-Template                                                            1.60-4.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Thread                                                                   0:3.05-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Thread-Queue                                                             3.14-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Thread-Semaphore                                                         0:2.13-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Tie                                                                      0:4.6-492.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-Tie-File                                                                 0:1.06-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Tie-Memoize                                                              0:1.1-492.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-Tie-RefHash                                                              1.40-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Time                                                                     0:1.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-Time-HiRes                                                               4:1.9770-489.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Time-Local                                                               2:1.300-489.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-Time-Piece                                                               0:1.3401-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-Try-Tiny                                                                 0.31-4.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-URI                                                                      5.17-1.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-Unicode-Collate                                                          1.31-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Unicode-Normalize                                                        1.31-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-Unicode-UCD                                                              0:0.78-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-User-pwent                                                               0:1.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-YAML-Tiny                                                                1.73-16.fc37                                       rpm        
perl-autodie                                                                  2.34-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-autouse                                                                  0:1.11-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-base                                                                     0:2.27-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-bignum                                                                   0.66-5.fc37                                        rpm        
perl-blib                                                                     0:1.07-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-constant                                                                 1.33-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-debugger                                                                 0:1.60-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-deprecate                                                                0:0.04-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-devel                                                                    4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-diagnostics                                                              0:1.39-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-doc                                                                      0:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-encoding                                                                 4:3.00-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-encoding-warnings                                                        0:0.13-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-experimental                                                             0.028-489.fc37                                     rpm        
perl-fields                                                                   0:2.27-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-filetest                                                                 0:1.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-if                                                                       0:0.61.000-492.fc37                                rpm        
perl-inc-latest                                                               2:0.500-23.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-interpreter                                                              4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-less                                                                     0:0.03-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-lib                                                                      0:0.65-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-libnet                                                                   3.14-490.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-libnetcfg                                                                4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-libs                                                                     4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-local-lib                                                                2.000029-3.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-locale                                                                   0:1.10-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-macros                                                                   4:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-meta-notation                                                            0:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-mro                                                                      0:1.26-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-open                                                                     0:1.13-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-overload                                                                 0:1.35-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-overloading                                                              0:0.02-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-parent                                                                   1:0.238-489.fc37                                   rpm        
perl-perlfaq                                                                  5.20210520-489.fc37                                rpm        
perl-ph                                                                       0:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-podlators                                                                1:4.14-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-sigtrap                                                                  0:1.10-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-sort                                                                     0:2.05-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-srpm-macros                                                              1-46.fc37                                          rpm        
perl-subs                                                                     0:1.04-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-threads                                                                  1:2.27-489.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-threads-shared                                                           1.64-489.fc37                                      rpm        
perl-utils                                                                    0:5.36.0-492.fc37                                  rpm        
perl-vars                                                                     0:1.05-492.fc37                                    rpm        
perl-version                                                                  8:0.99.29-490.fc37                                 rpm        
perl-vmsish                                                                   0:1.04-492.fc37                                    rpm        
pixman                                                                        0.40.0-6.fc37                                      rpm        
pkgconf                                                                       1.8.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
pkgconf-m4                                                                    1.8.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
pkgconf-pkg-config                                                            1.8.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
policycoreutils                                                               3.5-1.fc37                                         rpm        
polkit                                                                        121-4.fc37.2                                       rpm        
polkit-libs                                                                   121-4.fc37.2                                       rpm        
polkit-pkla-compat                                                            0.1-22.fc37                                        rpm        
popt                                                                          1.19-1.fc37                                        rpm        
postcss-selector-parser                                                       6.0.11                                             npm        
proc-log                                                                      3.0.0                                              npm        
process                                                                       0.11.10                                            npm        
procps-ng                                                                     3.3.17-6.fc37.2                                    rpm        
promise-all-reject-late                                                       1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-call-limit                                                            1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-inflight                                                              1.0.1                                              npm        
promise-retry                                                                 2.0.1                                              npm        
promzard                                                                      1.0.0                                              npm        
proxy-addr                                                                    2.0.7                                              npm        
publicsuffix-list-dafsa                                                       20230318-1.fc37                                    rpm        
pulseaudio                                                                    16.1-4.fc37                                        rpm        
pulseaudio-libs                                                               16.1-4.fc37                                        rpm        
pulseaudio-utils                                                              16.1-4.fc37                                        rpm        
pulseaudio2                                                                   0.5.5                                              npm        
pyparsing                                                                     3.0.9                                              python     
pyproject-srpm-macros                                                         1.6.3-1.fc37                                       rpm        
python                                                                        3.11.3                                             binary     
python-dateutil                                                               2.8.2                                              python     
python-pip-wheel                                                              22.2.2-3.fc37                                      rpm        
python-setuptools-wheel                                                       62.6.0-2.fc37                                      rpm        
python-srpm-macros                                                            3.11-5.fc37                                        rpm        
python-systemd-doc                                                            235-1.fc37                                         rpm        
python3                                                                       3.11.3-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-dateutil                                                              1:2.8.2-4.fc37                                     rpm        
python3-dbus                                                                  1.3.2-1.fc37                                       rpm        
python3-distro                                                                1.7.0-3.fc37                                       rpm        
python3-dnf                                                                   4.15.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-dnf-plugins-core                                                      4.4.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
python3-gpg                                                                   1.17.0-4.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-hawkey                                                                0.70.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-libcomps                                                              0.1.18-4.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-libdnf                                                                0.70.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-libs                                                                  3.11.3-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-pyparsing                                                             3.0.9-2.fc37                                       rpm        
python3-pyxdg                                                                 0.27-6.fc37                                        rpm        
python3-rpm                                                                   4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-six                                                                   1.16.0-8.fc37                                      rpm        
python3-systemd                                                               235-1.fc37                                         rpm        
pyxdg                                                                         0.27                                               python     
qrcode-terminal                                                               0.12.0                                             npm        
qs                                                                            6.11.0                                             npm        
qt5-srpm-macros                                                               5.15.9-1.fc37                                      rpm        
range-parser                                                                  1.2.1                                              npm        
rav1e-libs                                                                    0.5.1-9.fc37                                       rpm        
raw-body                                                                      2.5.1                                              npm        
read                                                                          2.0.0                                              npm        
read-cmd-shim                                                                 4.0.0                                              npm        
read-package-json                                                             6.0.0                                              npm        
read-package-json-fast                                                        3.0.2                                              npm        
readable-stream                                                               3.6.0                                              npm        
readable-stream                                                               4.3.0                                              npm        
readline                                                                      8.2-2.fc37                                         rpm        
redhat-menus                                                                  12.0.2-22.fc37                                     rpm        
redhat-rpm-config                                                             229-1.fc37                                         rpm        
retry                                                                         0.12.0                                             npm        
rimraf                                                                        3.0.2                                              npm        
rootfiles                                                                     8.1-32.fc37                                        rpm        
rpm                                                                           4.18.0                                             python     
rpm                                                                           4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
rpm-build-libs                                                                4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
rpm-libs                                                                      4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
rpm-plugin-selinux                                                            4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
rpm-sign-libs                                                                 4.18.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
rpmautospec-rpm-macros                                                        0.3.5-1.fc37                                       rpm        
rpmfusion-free-release                                                        37-1                                               rpm        
rpmfusion-nonfree-release                                                     37-1                                               rpm        
rtkit                                                                         0.11-33.fc37                                       rpm        
rubberband                                                                    3.1.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
rust-srpm-macros                                                              24-1.fc37                                          rpm        
safe-buffer                                                                   5.1.2                                              npm        
safe-buffer                                                                   5.2.1                                              npm        
safer-buffer                                                                  2.1.2                                              npm        
samba-client-libs                                                             2:4.17.7-0.fc37                                    rpm        
samba-common                                                                  2:4.17.7-0.fc37                                    rpm        
samba-common-libs                                                             2:4.17.7-0.fc37                                    rpm        
sed                                                                           4.8-11.fc37                                        rpm        
selinux-policy                                                                37.19-1.fc37                                       rpm        
selinux-policy-targeted                                                       37.19-1.fc37                                       rpm        
semver                                                                        7.3.8                                              npm        
send                                                                          0.18.0                                             npm        
serd                                                                          0.30.12-2.fc37                                     rpm        
serve-static                                                                  1.15.0                                             npm        
set-blocking                                                                  2.0.0                                              npm        
setprototypeof                                                                1.2.0                                              npm        
setup                                                                         2.14.1-2.fc37                                      rpm        
setxkbmap                                                                     1.3.3-3.fc37                                       rpm        
shadow-utils                                                                  2:4.12.3-6.fc37                                    rpm        
shared-mime-info                                                              2.2-2.fc37                                         rpm        
side-channel                                                                  1.0.4                                              npm        
signal-exit                                                                   3.0.7                                              npm        
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.1.2                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                                          v4.2.1                                             go-module  
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                                              v1.2.0                                             go-module  
sigstore                                                                      1.0.0                                              npm        
six                                                                           1.16.0                                             python     
slirp4netns                                                                   1.2.0-8.fc37                                       rpm        
smart-buffer                                                                  4.2.0                                              npm        
snappy                                                                        1.1.9-5.fc37                                       rpm        
socket.io                                                                     4.6.1                                              npm        
socket.io-adapter                                                             2.5.2                                              npm        
socket.io-parser                                                              4.2.2                                              npm        
socks                                                                         2.7.1                                              npm        
socks-proxy-agent                                                             7.0.0                                              npm        
sord                                                                          0.16.10-3.fc37                                     rpm        
soxr                                                                          0.1.3-12.fc37                                      rpm        
spdx-correct                                                                  3.1.1                                              npm        
spdx-exceptions                                                               2.3.0                                              npm        
spdx-expression-parse                                                         3.0.1                                              npm        
spdx-license-ids                                                              3.0.12                                             npm        
speex                                                                         1.2.0-12.fc37                                      rpm        
speexdsp                                                                      1.2.1-2.fc37                                       rpm        
spirv-tools-libs                                                              2022.2-3.fc37                                      rpm        
sqlite-libs                                                                   3.40.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
sratom                                                                        0.6.10-2.fc37                                      rpm        
srt-libs                                                                      1.5.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
ssri                                                                          10.0.1                                             npm        
ssri                                                                          9.0.1                                              npm        
startup-notification                                                          0.12-24.fc37                                       rpm        
statuses                                                                      2.0.1                                              npm        
string-width                                                                  4.2.3                                              npm        
string_decoder                                                                1.1.1                                              npm        
strip-ansi                                                                    6.0.1                                              npm        
sudo                                                                          1.9.13-1.p2.fc37                                   rpm        
supports-color                                                                7.2.0                                              npm        
svt-av1-libs                                                                  1.1.0-2.fc37                                       rpm        
systemd                                                                       251.14-2.fc37                                      rpm        
systemd-libs                                                                  251.14-2.fc37                                      rpm        
systemd-pam                                                                   251.14-2.fc37                                      rpm        
systemd-python                                                                235                                                python     
systemtap-sdt-devel                                                           4.8-3.fc37                                         rpm        
tar                                                                           2:1.34-6.fc37                                      rpm        
tar                                                                           6.1.13                                             npm        
tesseract                                                                     5.2.0-5.fc37                                       rpm        
tesseract-langpack-eng                                                        4.1.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
tesseract-tessdata-doc                                                        4.1.0-4.fc37                                       rpm        
text-table                                                                    0.2.0                                              npm        
tiny-relative-date                                                            1.3.0                                              npm        
toidentifier                                                                  1.0.1                                              npm        
tpm2-tss                                                                      3.2.2-1.fc37                                       rpm        
treeverse                                                                     3.0.0                                              npm        
tuf-js                                                                        1.0.0                                              npm        
twolame-libs                                                                  0.4.0-1.fc37                                       rpm        
type-is                                                                       1.6.18                                             npm        
tzdata                                                                        2022g-1.fc37                                       rpm        
unique-filename                                                               2.0.1                                              npm        
unique-filename                                                               3.0.0                                              npm        
unique-slug                                                                   3.0.0                                              npm        
unique-slug                                                                   4.0.0                                              npm        
unpipe                                                                        1.0.0                                              npm        
unzip                                                                         6.0-58.fc37                                        rpm        
util-deprecate                                                                1.0.2                                              npm        
util-linux                                                                    2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
util-linux-core                                                               2.38.1-1.fc37                                      rpm        
utils-merge                                                                   1.0.1                                              npm        
validate-npm-package-license                                                  3.0.4                                              npm        
validate-npm-package-name                                                     5.0.0                                              npm        
vamp-plugin-sdk                                                               2.9.0-6.fc37                                       rpm        
vapoursynth-libs                                                              58-3.fc37                                          rpm        
vary                                                                          1.1.2                                              npm        
vid.stab                                                                      1.1.0-20.20201110gitf9166e9.fc37                   rpm        
vim-data                                                                      2:9.0.1440-1.fc37                                  rpm        
vim-minimal                                                                   2:9.0.1440-1.fc37                                  rpm        
vo-amrwbenc                                                                   0.1.3-18.fc37                                      rpm        
vulkan-loader                                                                 1.3.216.0-3.fc37                                   rpm        
walk-up-path                                                                  1.0.0                                              npm        
wcwidth                                                                       1.0.1                                              npm        
web-assets-filesystem                                                         5-18.fc37                                          rpm        
webrtc-audio-processing                                                       0.3.1-9.fc37                                       rpm        
which                                                                         2.0.2                                              npm        
which                                                                         2.21-39.fc37                                       rpm        
which                                                                         3.0.0                                              npm        
wide-align                                                                    1.1.5                                              npm        
wrappy                                                                        1.0.2                                              npm        
write-file-atomic                                                             5.0.0                                              npm        
ws                                                                            8.11.0                                             npm        
x264-libs                                                                     0.164-3.20220602gitbaee400f.fc37                   rpm        
x265-libs                                                                     3.5-5.fc37                                         rpm        
xcb-util                                                                      0.4.0-20.fc37                                      rpm        
xkbcomp                                                                       1.4.5-4.fc37                                       rpm        
xkeyboard-config                                                              2.36-3.fc37                                        rpm        
xml-common                                                                    0.6.3-59.fc37                                      rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu                                                           23.0.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-ati                                                              19.1.0-8.fc37                                      rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-intel                                                            2.99.917-54.20210115.fc37                          rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-libinput                                                         1.2.1-2.fc37                                       rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau                                                          1:1.0.17-4.fc37                                    rpm        
xorg-x11-drv-qxl                                                              0.1.5-20.fc35                                      rpm        
xorg-x11-server-Xorg                                                          1.20.14-21.fc37                                    rpm        
xorg-x11-server-common                                                        1.20.14-21.fc37                                    rpm        
xorg-x11-xauth                                                                1:1.1.2-2.fc37                                     rpm        
xterm                                                                         379-2.fc37                                         rpm        
xvidcore                                                                      1.3.7-9.fc37                                       rpm        
xz                                                                            5.4.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
xz-libs                                                                       5.4.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
yallist                                                                       4.0.0                                              npm        
yum                                                                           4.15.0-1.fc37                                      rpm        
zchunk-libs                                                                   1.3.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
zeromq                                                                        4.3.4-4.fc37                                       rpm        
zimg                                                                          3.0.3-2.fc37                                       rpm        
zip                                                                           3.0-33.fc37                                        rpm        
zita-alsa-pcmi                                                                0.6.1-1.fc37                                       rpm        
zita-resampler                                                                1.8.0-5.fc37                                       rpm        
zlib                                                                          1.2.12-5.fc37                                      rpm        
zvbi                                                                          0.2.35-19.fc37                                     rpm        
